feat(simple-rest): install required packages after swizzle (#4162)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/brown-birds-stare.md

---
"@refinedev/simple-rest": minor
---

> feat: `requiredPackages` added to refine.config.js
> Now with that, CLI automatically installs the required packages for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: `requiredPackages` added to refine.config.js for CLI to automatically install required packages for the project.
```
